Allow `deep_iterable` member validator to accept a list of validators (#925)
python-attrs/attrs: changelog.d/925.change.rst

> Allow the `member_validator` of the `deep_iterable` validator to accept a list of validators

Reviewer: This isn't markdown :)

```suggestion
``attrs.validators.deep_iterable()``'s *member_validator* argument now also accepts a list of validators and wraps them in an ``attrs.validators.and_()``.
```
